Note that environment variables must be passed in `${{ env.MY_VAR }}` format (#5)
ynab/slack-post-action: README.md

### `text`

**Required** The message text to post. See [Slack's documentation on formatting](https://api.slack.com/reference/surfaces/formatting#basic-formatting).
    
Notes:
  - single quotes in your message *must* be escaped as `\'` due to how this input is consumed by bash (example: `text: "This is a \'single quote\' test"`)

>   - environment variables will only be expanded if passed in `${{ env.MY_VAR }}` format (example: `text: "This is the value of MY_VAR: ${{ env.MY_VAR }} "`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - environment variables will only be expanded if referenced using the `env` GitHub Action context `${{ env.MY_VAR }}` format (example: `text: "This is the value of MY_VAR: ${{ env.MY_VAR }} "`)
```
